gh-121245: a regression test for site.register_readline() (#121259)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-02-11-34-06.gh-issue-121245.sSkDAr.rst

Fix a bug in the handling of the command history of the new :term:`REPL` that

> caused the history file to be wiped at REPL exit.  ``site.register_readline()``
> helper was refactored to not clear history file if the command history is
> empty.  Patch by Sergey B Kirpichev.

Author: ```suggestion
caused the history file to be wiped at REPL exit.  ``site.register_readline()``
helper was refactored to choose correct readline backend from the beginning.
Patch by Sergey B Kirpichev.
```
